Further README Updates (#2028)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/block/README.md

```typescript
try {
  await block.validateData()
  // Block data validation has passed
} catch (err) {
  // handle errors appropriately
}
```

## EIP-1559 Blocks

> This library supports the creation of [EIP-1559](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559) compatible blocks starting with `v3.3.0`. For this to work a Block needs to be instantiated with a London HF (`Hardfork.London`) or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library supports the creation of [EIP-1559](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559) compatible blocks starting with `v3.3.0`. For this to work a Block needs to be instantiated with a Hardfork greater or equal to London (`Hardfork.London`).
```
A bit clearer?
